Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to discuss the go to statement and creating labels using the go to statements
and creating labels enables us to jump from one part of the code or from one point of the
code to another point and bypass some code.
So let's see how we can do that.
Basically,
you right,
go to and then let's say you want jump to a certain point,
okay?
You're gonna call this point something,
So I'm gonna call it my ending,
for example,
And then you need to actually write the name of the point somewhere with a colon.
So what this is going to do is that whenever we execute our code and it's gonna execute,
this line is actually going to jump from this line to this line here,
and it's going to bypass the code here,
so it's gonna bypass this part of the code says story,
executing that code step by step here.
So when we execute that line,
you can see there is going to jump actually and execute anything after the my ending label
so we can actually put a message box,
for example,
on the my ending.
So message box we have skipped,
skipped some code.
So if we execute the code step by step again,
you can see her is going to jump and execute any lines of code after the my ending,
which is gonna execute this message box and soap.
Okay,
so this is what it does,
and you can actually do the reverse.
So you can,
like,
jump upwards,
go to my beginning,
for example on.
Then you put a my beginning somewhere here and then with a colon.
It's actually when we execute this code,
we're gonna end up in a closed loop,
okay?
With skips,
um,
code.
Go to my beginning with skip some code,
go to my beginning,
okay?
And we're never gonna reach the end sub statement.
Right?
Because whenever we execute the cold,
you go to my ending,
execute the message box,
and then this statement here makes us go upwards,
goes and started the code again,
and then we execute the code again message box and so on and so forth.
And we're now in a closed loop,
and the macro is never gonna end.
So if we execute this macro,
it's never gonna end basically.
So that's it.
I'm just introducing you to a concept which is creating labels and using the go to
statements because we're going to use it in our examples on the course.
I'm going to use a lot,
and it's gonna be useful,
especially in our handling.
Okay,
so that's it.
Guys who go to statement and creating labels,
Thank you very much watching this video and I'll see on the next one.